---
title: "Donnie-Darko"
date: 2024-09-19
--
Let's set the scene: the movie Donnie Darko, made October 26th, 2001, follows the protagonist Donnie as he travels through an alternate universe. Donnie has had a history of mental illness and has trouble with sleepwalking. One night, he sleepwalks out of his house and finds a giant demonic rabbit that tells him the world will end in 28 days. When Donnie awakes and returns to his home, he finds that a jet engine has fallen directly onto his bedroom where he would have been sleeping. Donnie goes through these next 28 days figuring out how the world ends and how he can prevent it.
This movie was engrossing, and I had a fun time watching it. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys the psychological horror genre. Donnie Darko is one of my favorite movies because of how many parts can be discovered by rewatching the movie. It is similar to the psychological thriller Shutter Island because viewers can unearth new aspects and "revealed" spoilers that make sense in the context of the movie with every rewatch. It is like watching the film for the very first time again. Donnie Darko is a very confusing film, thus making it much more engaging and entertaining to watch. When the movie ends, one can see everything come full circle and how things start to make sense. There were a lot of twists and turns in this movie, which made it difficult to watch for the first time, but watching it again helps the story unfold fully. Donnie Darko is overall one of the best movies I have ever seen, and I highly recommend this movie to anyone.
